Change Success or Failed to 1 or 0 to binary classification.

Change this column's values from Yes or No to 1 or 0  to make them numerical 

"Presence of a top angel or venture fund in previous round of investment", 
                  "Has the team size grown", "Worked in top companies",
                              "Have been part of startups in the past?",
                             "Have been part of successful startups in the past?",
                             "Was he or she partner in Big 5 consulting?","Consulting experience?",
                             "Catering to product/service across verticals",
                              "Focus on consumer data?",
                             "Subscription based business",
                             "Capital intensive business e.g. e-commerce, Engineering products and operations can also cause a business to be capital intensive",
                             "Crowdsourcing based business","Crowdfunding based business",
                             "Machine Learning based business","Predictive Analytics business",
                             "Speech analytics business", "Prescriptive analytics business",
                             "Big Data Business", "Cross-Channel Analytics/ marketing channels",
                             "Owns data or not? (monetization of data) e.g. Factual",
                            "Is the company an aggregator/market place? e.g. Bluekai",
                             "Exposure across the globe","Relevance of education to venture",
                             "Relevance of experience to venture","Pricing Strategy","Hyper localisation",
                             "Long term relationship with other founders",
                             "Proprietary or patent position (competitive position)",
                             "Barriers of entry for the competitors","Company awards",
                             "Technical proficiencies to analyse and interpret unstructured data",
                             "Solutions offered", "Invested through global incubation competitions?",
                             


Change this column's values from low medium high nothing to [0,3]

"Number of  Sales Support material",
                              "Top forums like \'Tech crunch\' or \'Venture beat\' talking about the company/model - How much is it being talked about?",
                              "Breadth of experience across verticals","Experience in selling and building products",
                              "Top management similarity",
                              "Team Composition score","Time to market service or product"

Change this column's values from small medium large to [0,2]

"Average size of companies worked for in the past",
                             "Average Years of experience for founder and co founder",
                             "Dificulty of Obtaining Work force", "Disruptiveness of technology"


Change this column's values from few many none to [0,2]

"Average size of companies worked for in the past",
                             "Average Years of experience for founder and co founder",
                             "Dificulty of Obtaining Work force", "Disruptiveness of technology"






Drop these columns as they don't affect the prediction or have small impact 

"Controversial history of founder or co founder", "Legal risk and intellectual property",
                       "Client Reputation", "Dependent-Company Status", "Est. Founding Date"


 column "Est. Founding Date" dropped , as data has founding year column, so it's repeating itself, and I conclude that month of establishment doesn't affect startups to become succesfull, 
there can be small changes from month to month, politically or in market, but for this small dataset I doesn't count it. 


We can find here correlations
"Presence of a top angel or venture fund in previous round of investment" and "Employees per year of company existence" are highly correlated. 
"Number of Investors in Seed" and "Last round of funding received (in milionUSD)"  are also highly correlated.
Se we can drop of the columns from these pairs. They will be those who have lower correlation with target. 
So we will drop "Presence of a top angel or venture fund in previous round of investment" and `.

We use one hot encoding to work with categorial variables, then use PSA to reduce the number of features. 
